---
title: Sink the Ship
date: 2005-02-21T07:40:30+00:00
excerpt: So my blog for yesterday (non-existent, as you can see) was cancelled due to a HUGE (!!) hangover! My roommate,
layout: post
categories:
  - People
  - Technology
tags:
  - drinking
  - friends
  - websites
---
So my blog for yesterday (non-existent, as you can see) was cancelled due to a <span style="font-weight: bold;">HUGE</span> (!!) hangover! My roommate, Tigerrage, had his annual &#8216;<a href="http://www.studentdrinkinggames.com/skill/sink-ship.html" target="_blank">Sink the Ship</a>&#8216; party, which I faithfully attended, as a participatory member of the household. I know I added a link to the rules of the game, but ours are changed a little. We had a pitcher, in which an 8 oz. glass was floated&#8230; but the object was the same &#8230; sink that glass and drink! 4 of us went through 3 <a href="http://youtu.be/GBWpvW3KKm0" target="_blank">Bubba</a>s. That&#8217;s roughly 42 beers divided by 4, too many for an old saggy-balls like me! <span style="font-style: italic;">And </span>we went to the bar afterwards! But Tiggs has some good friends, we had a pretty good time. It was a shame they&#8217;re weren&#8217;t more ladies. :(Although, of the 2 there were, 1 was pretty attractive, and available (as far as I know).

Other than that &#8230; this website is falling apart! I don&#8217;t blog hardly often enough, I don&#8217;t do the reviews that I promise, I never write the editorials that are on my mind &#8230; It&#8217;s awful. And I looked at the MP3 listing&#8230; WOW! It&#8217;s horrible! It&#8217;s so chock-full of variances that it&#8217;s hardly functional &#8230; If you want to see the Stevie Nicks stuff, you have to click on the 1 pixel wide line between her and Stevie Wonder. But on the plus side, I set up a little area where you can [post a message](mailto:craig@craigmcn.ca) to me. <del>It&#8217;s really just a simple webmail interface &#8230; you put in your message and what-not and it sends me an email, all formatted-up with your info.</del> I thought it was a stroke of genius, but maybe not. And as I told Wublub, and as <a href="http://gwild0r.tumblr.com/" target="_blank">Gwildor</a> is aware, I&#8217;m working on making my blogs available as an <a href="http://www.xml.com/pub/a/2002/12/18/dive-into-xml.html" target="_blank">RSS feed</a>, as well as add a page of other RSS feeds for your (and my) perusal.

Hippity hop, bippity bop &#8230; that&#8217;s it for now &#8230; Stay Cool!