---
title: Hiatus
date: 2008-12-02T08:00:00+00:00
excerpt: "Whoa! Pushin' 3 months since I've written anything here, and I wish I had a good reason! I've generally been wasting"
layout: post
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - Facebook
  - jobs
---
Whoa! Pushin&#8217; 3 months since I&#8217;ve written anything here, and I wish I had a good reason! I&#8217;ve generally been wasting my time on Facebook, Monster.ca and Workopolis. I say &#8220;wasting&#8221;, because I&#8217;m still unemployed and while I&#8217;m enjoying playing Dungeons & Dragons: Tiny Adventures on Facebook, Monster and Workopolis have yielded nothing. I&#8217;ve sent my resumé to a few people, as suggested, as well as to a few other places unsolicited. I&#8217;ve had one weird pre-interview that resulted in nothing.

My experience this time &#8217;round (as opposed to summer 2001) has been more positive. I have more available savings, an affordable place to live and fewer expenses, giving me a lot more time to find what I want and not just fire out resumés and applications willy-nilly.

I _have_ been doing _some_ work. [h!](http://www.ppfhouse.com/home.php) has asked for some serious updates to his website; I&#8217;ve been working on them since the summer. If we&#8217;re lucky (which I think we&#8217;ll be) they&#8217;ll be ready by the new year. I also have some updates to my professional site that I&#8217;m working on, as well as crackerMail (I have a list of emails from people asking for updates, so I figure I should get on them). I&#8217;m also trying to build an expense tracking system for my sister and I to help with household expenses; I&#8217;ve got some nice wireframes and databases put together, but there&#8217;s some logic and database relationships that elude me. I&#8217;ve also been working on some design updates for a few other websites, but nothing that pays any money just yet.

Wish me luck! And I&#8217;m glad to be back!