---
title: C.R.A.F.T.
date: 2004-10-22T02:48:46+00:00
excerpt: "Well, now I'm 25% of the way through the bartending course and I now know how to close and do inventory control. My"
layout: post
categories:
  - People
  - Technology
tags:
  - bartending
  - Corner Gas
  - programming
---
Well, now I&#8217;m 25% of the way through the bartending course and I now know how to close and do inventory control. My instructor, Big Al, never really sticks to the topic, but I think we still cover everything we need to. Big Al also has c.r.a.f.t. moments when he &#8220;can&#8217;t remember a f&#8212;ing thing.&#8221; But, again, we get it worked out, and he&#8217;s a lot of fun.

I published a short .php script on the <a href="shared.php" rel="nofollow">Shared Stuff</a> page. It&#8217;s the database manager I was working on. It&#8217;s specifically for working with <a href="http://www.mysql.com" target="_blank">MySQL</a> databases, assumes you&#8217;re already connected to the database, and requires you to know the SQL statements for working in the dBase, but it&#8217;s as functional as it needs to be. It&#8217;s not secure, so it needs to be in a secure location on the server .. I can write a login script for it, I guess .. If anyone wants it, let me know. I&#8217;m also going to be cleaning up the crackerMail files for publishing over the next few days.

**Update &#8230; only minutes later &#8230;** (look at me with the updates .. like my life moves that fast!) I just got home from work and guess what was waiting in my mail slot &#8230; wait for it &#8230; an autographed copy of the <a href="http://www.cornergas.com" target="_blank">Corner Gas</a> &#8211; Season 1 DVD!!! Yeah, f&#8212;in&#8217; A! Autographed by Brent Butt (aka Brent Leroy), Lorne Cardinal (aka Davis Quinton) and Tara Spencer-Nairn (aka Karen Pelly). Wicked!! Thanks to my buddy J (and I guess R and the kids)! Awesome!