---
title: 'So tired &#8230;.'
date: 2005-11-03T05:24:11+00:00
excerpt: "Ach, meine gute! (Oh,my goodness!) I am so tired. Work has got me so down, it'sunbelievable. First of all, (well,"
layout: post
categories:
  - Opinion
tags:
  - complaints
  - jobs
---
<span style="font-style: italic;">Ach, meine gute!</span> (Oh, my goodness!) I am so tired. Work has got me so down, it&#8217;s unbelievable. First of all, (well, actually, this is all, not only first) we have a fancy new process we implemented last week that still nobody understands: excellent! And the only person who seems to have any knowledge or expertise on any level is me: perfect! So, who gets to do all the work? That&#8217;s right, me. Although, I&#8217;m sure [Gwildor](http://gwild0r.tumblr.com/) will tell you that I&#8217;ve given him tons of work, as will anyone else with whom I work. That&#8217;s beside the point. That&#8217;s part of my crappy new job, assigning people work. But not only do I get to assign it, I then have to go talk with them to explain what it is I expect them to do.Then I get to show them how to do it. So, why didn&#8217;t I just do it myself? Because that&#8217;s not the process. And the recognition I get: &#8220;So, have you finished this other stuff, yet? When&#8217;s that other thing going to be finished?&#8221; You&#8217;ve gotta be shitting me! The other stuff is never going to get done, because this new process never lets up to allow time to do anything else.

I know it&#8217;s bad form to be talking badly about work in a weblog, since it might get me fired. My response to that (right now, anyway): bring it on! I stayed late last night, I&#8217;m going in early today &#8230; I told myself I wouldn&#8217;t do that ever again. I work 9 to 5 ([What a way to make a living!](http://youtu.be/mpKAA2VxWY8)) and at 5 o&#8217;clock, it&#8217;s done. The problem is it&#8217;s not done. So I stay. And I come in early. And I help people out. And I do work that&#8217;s not really mine, but that&#8217;s not going to get done any other way.

In other, more happy news, I&#8217;m thinking about moving. Yes, again. It&#8217;s a 2-bedroom basement a little west of Downtown. It&#8217;s $750 per month, and the landlord&#8217;s willing to go with a 6-month lease. I&#8217;m hoping that by moving I&#8217;m a little more motivated to stay in Toronto and find something I enjoy doing. I mean, there must be something I can do in a giant metropolis that I enjoy. Don&#8217;t you think?