---
title: NaNoWriMo 2012 – Day 2
date: 2012-11-03T12:30:17+00:00
excerpt: "Similar to, but hopefully better than, yesterday's scene."
layout: post
categories:
  - People
tags:
  - murder mystery
  - NaNoWriMo
  - writing
---
You may recognize some of this from yesterday, but I felt that the descriptions were incomplete. I think this is a better scene than yesterday&#8217;s. Yesterday&#8217;s dialogue and discovery continue from here.

> As the sun set over San Miguel beach, the couple pulled off Oceanside Drive Boulevard into the gravel parking lot. It was a Wednesday night, so the lot was deserted.
> 
> The two lovers got out of the restored 1968 Karmann Ghia and began walking towards the beach. Before getting to the sand, she quickly turned around and ran back to the car. She took off her new Chuck Taylor hightops and tossed them back into the car. Barefoot would be better for a walk along the beach.
> 
> When she got back to the sand, he just looked at her and smiled. She smiled back, with that cute, lopsided smirk of hers. He reached for her hand and she reached for his. They stood for several minutes silently looking out at the ocean and the darkening, orange sunset.
> 
> They had only been seeing each other for a couple of months, but it was starting to get serious. She had taken him to meet her parents. His parents having passed away years before, he took her to a quiet bed and breakfast up in the mountains outside of town.
> 
> Slowly, they turned and began walking up the beach. Or was it down the beach? They decided it really didn’t matter, they could walk back up or down, on the way back to the car.
> 
> The two lovers had spent the last hour strolling slowly along the beach, hand in hand, often stopping to stare deeply into each other’s eyes. As they walked they whispered quietly to each other. After a while, they stopped. He kicked some seaweed back into the ocean and the Millicent driftwood twigs out of the way. He picked up one of the larger driftwood sticks and in big, flowing, cursive letters, he wrote her name in the sand. She smiled — he hadn’t even let go of her hand.
> 
> The tide was out and they had plenty of beach on which to walk. They dodged seaweed and driftwood, and let the sea shells crunch beneath their feet. and, as always, on an ocean beach, there was the smell of the sea, dead fish, rotting seaweed. They continued up the beach to where it ended. This is where it gets rockier and the seaweed and driftwood collects.