---
title: Solitude
date: 2015-01-08T10:11:35+00:00
excerpt: "For almost a year now, I've felt like I've been trying to get used to being by myself, while at the same time feeling like I'm missing something."
layout: post
categories:
  - Opinion
tags:
  - relationship
---
<div class="getty embed image alignleft">
  <div style="padding:66.535433% 0 0 0">
    <iframe src="//embed.gettyimages.com/embed/186756083?et=sQirZzTETyFedHnlaKRJLQ&amp;socialOnLoad=off&amp;sig=SAAiw0qh5zXj9vOLjX8059cgbuQOBaifzoI5LR1gDns=" width="381" height="253" scrolling="no" frameborder="0"></iframe>
  </div>
  <p>
    <a href="http://www.gettyimages.com/detail/186756083" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">#186756083</a> /
    <a href="http://www.gettyimages.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">gettyimages.com</a>
  </p>
</div>
    
I was out and about the other day and realized that I finally felt pretty good about being by myself. It&#8217;s been a while since I felt like that. For almost a year now, I&#8217;ve been feeling like I&#8217;ve been trying to get used to being by myself again, while at the same time feeling like I&#8217;m missing something and needing to fill a gap.

For years, I was on my own and I really liked it. It was comfortable and easy. If I wanted or was asked to do something, I did it, or not. I didn&#8217;t have to check with anyone to see if she wanted to join me, or whether she had other plans (that might include me), or whether she would be offended if I went by myself.

And this time last year, I was in a comfortable relationship in which all of those things were easy. We did things together or not, and I&#8217;m pretty sure that we liked having the other around, but were fine doing things on our own when the other wasn&#8217;t interested. I&#8217;m not sure it was the same a few years earlier, where the nature of the relationship was necessarily shared experiences, and which I believe was our undoing.

So for this last year (almost), each time I&#8217;ve done something on my own I&#8217;ve recognized that I&#8217;m on my own. Or when I&#8217;ve been doing something with someone, that I&#8217;ve been trying to fill a gap that seemed to exist. I haven&#8217;t felt as I did for all those years. But then I&#8217;d been out all afternoon doing things on my own, being comfortable and unapologetic. I realized that while I was still far from being &#8220;over it&#8221;, I was getting back to what for me is normal.

> Mana eva manu&#7779;yanam kara&#7751;am bandha mok&#7779;ayo&#7717; &#8211; As the mind, so the person; bondage or liberation are in your own mind.
